In this lesson, we have highlighted methods to ensure that data stored
in Cloud environments is protected from unauthorized access.
We walked through how an application may use encryption keys to
ensure that data is encrypted when written to disk or Cloud storage.
We then took a closer look at the S3 service to
understand common encryption methods and capabilities.
We also explored some of the options and capabilities for
key management using the AWS Key Management Service or KMS.
Finally, you were able to put some of the concepts into practice to demonstrate how
encryption keys can be managed and
segregated and utilized between two different sample applications.
You should now have a better understanding of
capabilities to protect data stored in the Cloud.